Update enterprise-search-audit.md (#1228)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/sumo-apps/enterprise-search-audit.md

## Enterprise Search Audit App Dashboards
This page has information about the pre-built dashboards for the Enterprise Search Audit App and a description of each of the app dashboards.

### Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview
The **Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview** dashboard provides a high-level overview of search usage within your account. The panels also display current search usage in terms of the total number of queries, types of queries, and other query characteristics run by users.

Use this dashboard to:

> * To quickly monitor searches run in your account, including by search type.
> * To get insights into query statistics, time ranges, and query failure rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Quickly monitor searches run in your account, including by search type.
* Get insights into query statistics, time ranges, and query failure rate.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Search-Overview.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview" />

### Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time
The Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time dashboard provides detailed insights into search usage by analytics tier. It displays the total number of searches and the types of queries run by users.

Use this dashboard to:

> * To drill-down on search usage by different analytics tiers.
> * Quickly Identify trends and usage patterns within each analytic tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Drill down on search usage by different analytics tiers.
* Quickly Identify trends and usage patterns within each analytic tier.
```

## Enterprise Search Audit App Dashboards
This page has information about the pre-built dashboards for the Enterprise Search Audit App and a description of each of the app dashboards.

### Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview
The **Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview** dashboard provides a high-level overview of search usage within your account. The panels also display current search usage in terms of the total number of queries, types of queries, and other query characteristics run by users.

Use this dashboard to:
* Quickly monitor searches run in your account, including by search type.
* Get insights into query statistics, time ranges, and query failure rate.

<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Search-Overview.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview" />

### Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time
The Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time dashboard provides detailed insights into search usage by analytics tier. It displays the total number of searches and the types of queries run by users.

Use this dashboard to:

> * To drill down on search usage by different analytics tiers.
> * To quickly identify trends and usage patterns within each analytic tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Drill down on search usage by different analytics tiers.
* Quickly identify trends and usage patterns within each analytic tier.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Data-Tier-Usage-Over-Time.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time" />

### Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights
The Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights dashboard provides a high-level view of your account's key search users. The dashboard panels provide information about top users' search usage in terms of search query count, data scanned and retrieved by tiers.

Use this dashboard to:

* Monitor top users by search count, data scanned and retrieved across the account.
* View the distribution of query time range.

> * To identify top users for each query type in every tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Identify top users for each query type in every tier.
```

> This page has information about the pre-built dashboards for Enterprise Search Audit App and a description of each of the app dashboards.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page has information about the pre-built dashboards for the Enterprise Search Audit App and a description of each of the app dashboards.
```

### Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview

> The Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview dashboard provides a high-level overview of search usage within your account. The panels also display current search usage in terms of the total number of queries, types of query, and other query characteristics run by users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview** dashboard provides a high-level overview of search usage within your account. The panels also display current search usage in terms of the total number of queries, types of queries, and other query characteristics run by users.
```

Use this dashboard to:
* To quickly monitor searches run in your account, including by search type.
* To get insights into query statistics, time ranges, and query failure rate.

> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Search-Overview.png')} alt="test" />

Reviewer: I'd change the alt text to match the images for all four of these dashboards images

```suggestion
<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Search-Overview.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Search Overview" />
```

### Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time
The Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time dashboard provides detailed insights into search usage by analytics tier. It displays the total number of searches and the types of queries run by users.

Use this dashboard to:

> * To drill-down on search usage by different analytics tiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To drill down on search usage by different analytics tiers.
```

> * Quickly Identify trends and usage patterns within each analytic tier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To quickly identify trends and usage patterns within each analytic tier.
```

Reviewer 2: Consistency

> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Data-Tier-Usage-Over-Time.png')} alt="test" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Data-Tier-Usage-Over-Time.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Data Tier Usage Over Time" />
```

### Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights

> The Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights dashboard provides a high-level view to understand who are the key users of search in your account. The dashboard panels provide details about search usage of top users in terms of search query count, data scanned and retrieved by tiers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights dashboard provides a high-level view of your account's key search users. The dashboard panels provide information about top users' search usage in terms of search query count, data scanned and retrieved by tiers.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd rephrase this as:
The **Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights** dashboard provides a high-level view of your account's key search users. The dashboard panels provide information about top users' search usage in terms of search query count, data scanned and retrieved by tiers.

> * To view the distribution of query time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* View the distribution of query time range.
```

> * Identify top users for each query type in every tier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To identify top users for each query type in every tier.
```

> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-User-Insights.png')} alt="test" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-User-Insights.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - User Insights" />
```

### Enterprise Search Audit - Commonly Referenced Data Sources
The Enterprise Search Audit - Commonly Referenced Data Sources dashboard provides insights into the key or most popular data sources and metadata referenced in users’ searches. The dashboard helps you understand what your users most commonly search for in your organization.

Use this dashboard to:

* Identify the most commonly referenced partitions (indexes) and scheduled views to gauge user adoption and awareness of these options.
* Identify the most commonly referenced source categories and other metadata in search queries to understand the most commonly used/relied upon data sources within your organization.

> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Commonly-Referenced-Data-Sources.png')} alt="test" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Commonly-Referenced-Data-Sources.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Commonly Referenced Data Sources" />
```

> * Identify which queries span large time ranges and may be costly in terms of performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To identify queries that span large time periods and are likely to be performance-intensive.
```

> * To identify the searches that do not apply any optimization techniques and could benefit from optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Identify the searches that do not apply any optimization techniques and could benefit from optimization.
```

> <img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Queries-Characteristics-and-Opportunities-to-Improve.png')} alt="test" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src={useBaseUrl('https://sumologic-app-data-v2.s3.amazonaws.com/dashboards/Enterprise-Search-Audit/Enterprise-Search-Audit-Queries-Characteristics-and-Opportunities-to-Improve.png')} alt="Enterprise Search Audit - Queries Characteristics and Opportunities to Improve" />
```
